
ENHANCING READING CPAPBILITY
1. Meditate
2. Read after excercise
3. Keep your eyes on price.
4. Make objectives or purpose of reading.Prepare some questinair in begining.
5. Highlight important sections.
6. Set small targets. Use page no. or chapters as deadlines.
7. Use interval Reading timers.
8. Break hard targets by breaking into small commitments.
9. After completing small targets stop and celebtate.
10. Reward yourself after successful reading. Take rest.
11. Take regular breaks - your brain and eyes can recover and refresh.


Techniques to focus on reading
1.Use pen as a pointer to your eyes to follow.
2. Gradually increase the speed of pointer.
3. Review the whole structure before you start reading.
4. Highlight the core information.
5. Make reading stratiges.
6. Make notes of important lines. This helps to remember the info.
7. Look over notes and summerize the key points.
8. Read everyday make this habit.


NOTES ACCORDING TO WEBSITE

It’s Time To Start Reading
Alright, that’s everything you need.

Get prepared to focus on reading by exercising, meditating, and eating well. Set up a space that’s free of distractions, and suits your preferences.

Focus on your motivation for reading, and make sure you know what you need to get out of it. Review the whole text first, so you know where you are up to, and try to summarize as you go.

Take breaks, reward yourself, and try to enjoy it.

When you put all of this together, you will start to notice improvement pretty fast.

Happy reading, and good luck.

How to Focus on Reading: Field Notes
Follow these steps to improve your focus when reading:

Practice meditation to build focus and clear your mind.
Exercise before reading for a boost to concentration and memory.
Eat more protein and less sugar for better focus.
Create a quiet space for reading, without distractions. Use music or sounds that help you concentrate.
Focus on your motivation for reading.
Understand the purpose or reason for reading a text. Find out what you need to learn from it.
Set small reading targets to get you started.
Use interval reading timers to build up your focus stamina.
Use rewards and incentives to keep you focused.
Take regular breaks.
Use a pen or your finger as a pointer for your eyes to follow.
Review the structure of the text before you start reading.
Look for clues that show which parts are important.
Make notes and outlines while you read.
Always review and summarize when you’re done.

 